{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green56\blue32;\red255\green255\blue255;\red196\green26\blue22;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red155\green35\blue147;\red11\green79\blue121;\red57\green0\blue160;\red15\green104\blue160;
\red108\green54\blue169;\red50\green109\blue116;\red93\green108\blue121;\red28\green0\blue207;\red28\green70\blue74;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c39147\c22031\c12446;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c77000\c10200\c8600;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0\c85000;\csgenericrgb\c60759\c13753\c57628;\csgenericrgb\c4314\c30980\c47451;\csgenericrgb\c22454\c0\c62803;\csgenericrgb\c5882\c40784\c62745;
\csgenericrgb\c42190\c21278\c66379;\csgenericrgb\c19418\c42935\c45455;\csgenericrgb\c36526\c42188\c47515;\csgenericrgb\c11000\c0\c81000;\csgenericrgb\c10981\c27276\c28869;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19920\viewh15540\viewkind0
\deftab593
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 #import \cf4 "ViewController.h"\cf5 \
\cf2 #import \cf4 <AVFoundation/AVFoundation.h>\cf5 \
\cf2 #import \cf4 "CircleView.h"\cf5 \
\

\f1\b \cf6 @interface
\f0\b0 \cf5  \cf7 ViewController\cf5  ()\

\f1\b \cf6 @property
\f0\b0 \cf5  (
\f1\b \cf6 nonatomic
\f0\b0 \cf5 , 
\f1\b \cf6 strong
\f0\b0 \cf5 ) \cf8 AVCaptureSession\cf5  *\cf9 session\cf5 ;\

\f1\b \cf6 @property
\f0\b0 \cf5  (
\f1\b \cf6 nonatomic
\f0\b0 \cf5 , 
\f1\b \cf6 strong
\f0\b0 \cf5 ) \cf8 AVCaptureVideoPreviewLayer\cf5  *\cf9 previewLayer\cf5 ;\

\f1\b \cf6 @end
\f0\b0 \cf5 \
\

\f1\b \cf6 @implementation
\f0\b0 \cf5  \cf7 ViewController\cf5 \
\
- (
\f1\b \cf6 void
\f0\b0 \cf5 )\cf9 viewDidLoad\cf5  \{\
    [
\f1\b \cf6 super
\f0\b0 \cf5  \cf10 viewDidLoad\cf5 ];\
    \
    [
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5  \cf11 setupCamera\cf5 ];    \cf12 // Start the camera\cf5 \
    [
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5  \cf11 addCircleOverlay\cf5 ];  \cf12 // Add frosted glass circle\cf5 \
    [
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5  \cf11 addBottomBlur\cf5 ];  \cf12 // Add bottom blur effect\cf5 \
\}\
\
- (
\f1\b \cf6 void
\f0\b0 \cf5 )\cf9 setupCamera\cf5  \{\
    
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf11 session\cf5  = [[\cf8 AVCaptureSession\cf5  \cf10 alloc\cf5 ] \cf10 init\cf5 ];\
    
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf11 session\cf5 .\cf10 sessionPreset\cf5  = \cf10 AVCaptureSessionPresetHigh\cf5 ;\
    \
    \cf8 AVCaptureDevice\cf5  *camera = [\cf8 AVCaptureDevice\cf5  \cf10 defaultDeviceWithMediaType\cf5 :\cf10 AVMediaTypeVideo\cf5 ];\
    \cf8 NSError\cf5  *error = 
\f1\b \cf6 nil
\f0\b0 \cf5 ;\
    \cf8 AVCaptureDeviceInput\cf5  *input = [\cf8 AVCaptureDeviceInput\cf5  \cf10 deviceInputWithDevice\cf5 :camera \cf10 error\cf5 :&error];\
    \
    
\f1\b \cf6 if
\f0\b0 \cf5  (error) \{\
        \cf10 NSLog\cf5 (\cf4 @"Error accessing camera: %@"\cf5 , error.\cf10 localizedDescription\cf5 );\
        
\f1\b \cf6 return
\f0\b0 \cf5 ;\
    \}\
    \
    
\f1\b \cf6 if
\f0\b0 \cf5  ([
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf11 session\cf5  \cf10 canAddInput\cf5 :input]) \{\
        [
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf11 session\cf5  \cf10 addInput\cf5 :input];\
    \}\
    \
    
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf11 previewLayer\cf5  = [\cf8 AVCaptureVideoPreviewLayer\cf5  \cf10 layerWithSession\cf5 :
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf11 session\cf5 ];\
    
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf11 previewLayer\cf5 .\cf10 videoGravity\cf5  = \cf10 AVLayerVideoGravityResizeAspectFill\cf5 ;\
    
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf11 previewLayer\cf5 .\cf10 frame\cf5  = 
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf10 view\cf5 .\cf10 bounds\cf5 ;\
    [
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf10 view\cf5 .\cf10 layer\cf5  \cf10 addSublayer\cf5 :
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf11 previewLayer\cf5 ];\
    \
    \cf10 dispatch_async\cf5 (\cf10 dispatch_get_global_queue\cf5 (\cf2 DISPATCH_QUEUE_PRIORITY_DEFAULT\cf5 , \cf13 0\cf5 ), ^\{\
        [
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf11 session\cf5  \cf10 startRunning\cf5 ];\
    \});\
\}\
\
- (
\f1\b \cf6 void
\f0\b0 \cf5 )\cf9 addCircleOverlay\cf5  \{\
    \cf8 CGFloat\cf5  circleSize = \cf13 100.0\cf5 ;\
    \cf8 CGRect\cf5  circleFrame = \cf10 CGRectMake\cf5 (\cf13 0\cf5 , \cf13 0\cf5 , circleSize, circleSize);\
    \
    \cf14 CircleView\cf5  *circleView = [[\cf14 CircleView\cf5  \cf10 alloc\cf5 ] \cf10 initWithFrame\cf5 :circleFrame];\
    circleView.\cf10 center\cf5  = 
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf10 view\cf5 .\cf10 center\cf5 ;\
    \
    [
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf10 view\cf5  \cf10 addSubview\cf5 :circleView];\
\}\
\
- (
\f1\b \cf6 void
\f0\b0 \cf5 )\cf9 addBottomBlur\cf5  \{\
    \cf8 CGFloat\cf5  height = \cf13 200.0\cf5 ; \cf12 // Height of the frosted glass effect at the bottom\cf5 \
    \cf8 CGRect\cf5  blurFrame = \cf10 CGRectMake\cf5 (\cf13 0\cf5 , 
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf10 view\cf5 .\cf10 frame\cf5 .\cf10 size\cf5 .\cf10 height\cf5  - height, 
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf10 view\cf5 .\cf10 frame\cf5 .\cf10 size\cf5 .\cf10 width\cf5 , height);\
    \
    \cf12 // Create blur effect\cf5 \
    \cf8 UIBlurEffect\cf5  *blurEffect = [\cf8 UIBlurEffect\cf5  \cf10 effectWithStyle\cf5 :\cf10 UIBlurEffectStyleLight\cf5 ];\
    \cf8 UIVisualEffectView\cf5  *blurView = [[\cf8 UIVisualEffectView\cf5  \cf10 alloc\cf5 ] \cf10 initWithEffect\cf5 :blurEffect];\
    blurView.\cf10 frame\cf5  = blurFrame;\
    \
    \cf12 // Apply gradient mask for smooth blending\cf5 \
    \cf8 CAGradientLayer\cf5  *gradientMask = [\cf8 CAGradientLayer\cf5  \cf10 layer\cf5 ];\
    gradientMask.\cf10 frame\cf5  = blurView.\cf10 bounds\cf5 ;\
    gradientMask.\cf10 colors\cf5  = \cf13 @[\cf5 \
        (
\f1\b \cf6 id
\f0\b0 \cf5 )[\cf8 UIColor\cf5  \cf10 clearColor\cf5 ].\cf10 CGColor\cf5 ,  \cf12 // Fully transparent at the top\cf5 \
        (
\f1\b \cf6 id
\f0\b0 \cf5 )[\cf8 UIColor\cf5  \cf10 colorWithWhite\cf5 :\cf13 1.0\cf5  \cf10 alpha\cf5 :\cf13 0.9\cf5 ].\cf10 CGColor\cf5 ,  \cf12 // Semi-transparent in the middle\cf5 \
        (
\f1\b \cf6 id
\f0\b0 \cf5 )[\cf8 UIColor\cf5  \cf10 whiteColor\cf5 ].\cf10 CGColor\cf5    \cf12 // Fully blurred at the bottom\cf5 \
    \cf13 ]\cf5 ;\
    gradientMask.\cf10 locations\cf5  = \cf13 @[@0.0\cf5 , \cf13 @0.5\cf5 , \cf13 @1.0]\cf5 ; \cf12 // Adjust blending effect\cf5 \
    gradientMask.\cf10 startPoint\cf5  = \cf10 CGPointMake\cf5 (\cf13 1\cf5 , \cf13 0\cf5 );\
    gradientMask.\cf10 endPoint\cf5  = \cf10 CGPointMake\cf5 (\cf13 1\cf5 , \cf13 1.0\cf5 );\
    \
    \cf12 // Set the gradient as a mask\cf5 \
    blurView.\cf10 layer\cf5 .\cf10 mask\cf5  = gradientMask;\
    \
    [
\f1\b \cf6 self
\f0\b0 \cf5 .\cf10 view\cf5  \cf10 addSubview\cf5 :blurView];\
\}\
\

\f1\b \cf6 @end
\f0\b0 \cf5 \
}